>> Will: So how is this all possible?
Who comes from a language where
the notion at least regularly,
there other alternative land or
function as attribute.
But the basic notion of
passing a function in or
around into another function is
anathema to their day to day behavior.
I [INAUDIBLE] use the word anathema.
Who comes from a language where
that's just a bizarre thing to do?
Raise your hand if you come from
a language that is unusual?
Right?
What is the language?
>> Speaker 2: HP.
>> Will: Yeah, exactly.
That's not the behavior
you do by standard.
There are ways of doing it,
but it is not standard.
How is it possible?
Well, it's because in JavaScript functions
are what's called first-class objects.
Now that's fairly obscure-sounding.
What it just means is they
are first-class citizens.
That means they behave just like objects.
They are actually, literally, objects.
How we know we can pass an object
into a function, right?
No problem passing
an object into a function.
I could pass an object in,
I mean this is an object.
An array is also an object in JavaScript.
I can pass objects in because objects
can be values on the right hand side
of a label.
In JavaScript, just the same,
just the same, our functions are objects,
which means they can treated
like any JavaScript object.
They can be assigned to variables,
known as function expressions.
They can be properties of other objects.
What was it called when a function's
a property of an object?
What's a special name?
>> Speaker 2: Method?
>> Will: Method, exactly.
They can be passed as
arguments into functions.
There it is, the function.
We left a placeholder for it.
Instructions, and we passed in an actual
function definition as a whole.
What a bizarre behavior.
JavaScript, no problem cuz its
functions are just like objects.
And they can even be returned
as values from functions.
They could be our output, not an array but
a whole function definition.
Which we can then call, invoke,
execute out here under a new label.
That gives for me the most
beautiful concept in JavaScript.
Which so often we're doing hard parts,
is like a,
well I'm afraid we can't look at that, but
today we are gonna be doing altogether.
When we return a function from a function
we see come to light a special
concept in JavaScript.
What is that concept, Ameen?
When we return a function from a function?
>> Speaker 2: High order function.
>> Will: It is a high order
function by definition but
what is the special thing we return
a function from a function, Lindsey?
Andrea?
It is a magical world of, closure,
and we'll see that in a second.
JavaScript functions have one bonus
property besides just being objects.
What's the bonus property they have?
Clara?
>> Speaker 2: Dunno.
>> Will: Katie?
They can be evoked.
They can have parens on the end of them.
You can't do that for objects.
That's the only bonus thing for
a function, you can run it.
It has functionality that can be run.
Now that sounds, the only, it's also
the most profound, it's everything.
But it is also the only difference
they have from objects.